( https://gigazonegaming.com )

*****************************************************************
Paul Bunyan Communications Will Not Sell Customer Web Browsing
History
*****************************************************************

Recently new
federal legislation was passed that allows Internet Service
Providers to sell their customers' web browsing history. Paul
Bunyan Communications wants to reassure its members that no
matter what the law allows they do not collect and sell member's
web browsing history.

"Our members'
privacy is of the utmost importance to our member-owned and
governed cooperative. We have never sold member web browsing
history and have no plans to do so in the future regardless of
what the rules and regulations may allow," said Gary Johnson,
Paul Bunyan Communications CEO/General Manager.

"As you might
imagine we are getting calls from concerned customers and members
of our cooperative as the news of this new legislation spreads.
We feel it is extremely important to reassure our customers that
our cooperative will not sell their web browsing history. It's
your cooperative and your data, period. Any provider who sells
their customers' web browsing history without their consent is
putting profits ahead of the trust of its customers and we
believe that flies in the face of common decency, customer
privacy, and certainly our cooperative values and principles,"
added Johnson.

------------------------------------------------
Here are some helpful stories on the legislation:
------------------------------------------------

* NPR: Congress
Overturns Internet Privacy Regulation ( https://goo.gl/ZLVcfx )
* FOX News: Trump expected to sign bill undoing Obama-era
Internet privacy rules ( https://goo.gl/ATRQ2J )
* The Washington Post: The House just voted to wipe away the
FCC’s landmark Internet privacy protections ( https://goo.gl/GvQU9z )
* The New York Times: What the Repeal of Online Privacy
Protections Means for You

Paul Bunyan
Communications has the region’s largest and fastest all fiber
optic network with over 5,000 square miles throughout most of
Beltrami County and portions of Cass, Hubbard, Itasca,
Koochiching, and St. Louis Counties. The Cooperative provides
High Speed Fiber Internet Service up to a Gigabit per second,
digital and high definition television services, Smart Home
services, digital voice services, and more. Service availability
depends upon location, some restrictions may apply.